Update upgrade docs to note removal of inmem option (#2138)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/upgrade/v1-to-v2/_index.md

If you upgrade with `auth-enabled = false`, the upgrade may appear complete,
but client requests to InfluxDB 2.0 may be silently ignored (you won't see a notification the request was denied).

### In-memory indexing option

> As of the InfluxDB 2.0.4 release, 2.0 no longer supports the [in-memory (`inmem`) indexing option](/influxdb/v1.8/administration/config/#in-memory-inmem-index-settings). Any configuration, including the following two configuration options, is ignored:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
InfluxDB 2.0 doesn't support [in-memory (`inmem`) indexing](/influxdb/v1.8/administration/config/#in-memory-inmem-index-settings). The following InfluxDB 1.x configuration options associated with `inmem` indexing are ignored in the upgrade process:
```
